## Experiments

Each directory contains one of the experiments. The experiments and the preregistrations can be viewed [here](https://tinyurl.com/y2b7ajg7).
* Experiment 1 (`sentence-rating`): In this experiment, participants complete 2 task comprehension trials and 6 main trials. On the main trials, they see a basic-level context and a target referent pictured below. The referent is described by the two critical sentences differing syntactically (subject vs. predicate NP). Between-trials, the N of the sentence is either the basic-level or the subordinate referent label.
* Experiment 2 (`N-production`): This directory contains two separate experiments for deploying the subject-NP condition (`exp1-subj`) and the predicate-NP condition (`exp1-pred`) between-subjects. The two experiments differ in the file `04_trials.js` only. Here, participants complete 2 rounds, consisting of 3 warm-up labeling trials and 3 main trials each. On main trials, participants see a basic-level context, a target referent below, and fill-in a sentence missing the N (either 'That \_\_ is big' or 'That's a big \_\_')
* Experiment 3 (`cc-inference`): In this experiment, participants complete a task comprehension trial followed by 2 rounds, consisting of 3 warm-up trials and 6 main trials each (for a total of 12 critical trials). On the main trials, they see an either basic-level or subordinate context, a target below, and read the critical sentence where the N is either 'one', the basic-level or the subordinate referent label. The N appears in the subject or in the predicate of the sentence. All conditions are within-subjects. Participants provide the inferred comparison class by filling-in the sentence "It is big relative to other \_\_".    
* Experiment 4 (`direct-modification`): This experiment set-up is very similar to Experiment 3, but the critical subordinate noun of the target sentences is always directly modified by the adjective: e.g., "That big Great Dane is a prize-winner" (subject N), or "That prize-winner is a big Great Dane" (predicate N). Participants complete two blocks, each with 2 demonstration and 2 labeling warm-up trials, followed by 4 main trials (2 critical + 2 filler trials). In the main trials, they freely paraphrase the comparison class. Filler trials correspond to Experiment 3 basic context, subordinate noun main trials. 

All experiments were realised based on the [magpie departure-point](https://github.com/magpie-ea/magpie-departure-point).  
